# odin-recipes

This project is to demonstrate a basic understanding of HTML. The goal of the project is to have mastery over setting up an HTML-boilerplate and setting up links and most likely lists with a fundamental understanding rather than superficial.

I personally hope to commit most of the things learned in this project to memory as this fundamental understanding and becoming more familiar with things that are going to become commonplace in a coding environment are the things I currently value the most, and are what I believe this course strives to teach.

Self Reflection (post project): Not fully sure if i'm done with the project yet, but I wanted to updated this while my mind was fresh and share my current thoughts. I first of all learned and memorized a lot on the git terminal commands and can now do them without needing to look at the git basics cheatsheet, which is something I was worried about since I had a mediocre understanding of it and when I attempted to learn this stuff in the past, it was extremely superficial and broken teachings. I also learned that you need to be in the main directory when pushing commits. I was in my recipes directory the entire time and never pushed my new images folder commits nor any changes to index.html. Granted there weren't many changes for those two things since most changes happened inside the recipe folder anyways. Paying attention to where you are adding and committing from is less important than when or why but nevertheless important. The only other nitpick would be comments. I didn't add a single comment in my entire project and that's because to me the code was very straightforward and readable. I recognize that in the future I will 100% without a doubt need and use comments to navigate my work, but as the sole person working on the code and the code itself being straightforward with it being HTML it is difficult to add meaningful comments that don't seem redundant. I was and still am considering going back and adding some comments but I wanted to make it clear that it didn't even cross my mind once to comment anything and I wanted to leave this for myself in the future to reflect on if I've fixed it. I'm sure it's a common practice to go back in code and comment, but i'd like to make it a habit to create comments while i'm writing the code for larger projects that will end up taking me more than a day.

I think for practices sake I am going to go back in the code and add short comments. I am proud to complete this minor project but it's undeniably unfinished work and I don't want to go too far for a basic project. 